Well come back in this video we are going to use another little module that will help us by joining
you or else.
And why do we need that.
Well there is one little problem with our images.
So let me just print image here real quick and execute the code.
You will see that we get this link which says dot and then slash and slash one dot EPG.
What that means is on the route of the website I'm just calling from there on.
Just add this piece of link.
So if we take this link here.
So we have this link and well it's pretty much the link that we have here in order to access this Web
site.
So this dot means that we take away this index that ph.
And then we add this piece here to the link.
So if we now add that to the link at the end I mean get rid of one slash.
Then I get this image here.
So what we're currently having is just the relative link.
And most of the times you would rather have the complete link which pretty much is what we have here.
So that's the complete link or the location of this image.
So in order to get that we need to use something called u r l library or you ad lib.
So I'm going to import it up here so I'm just going to say from you are l lib that parse import to u
r l joint.
Well that will give me is the u r l joint function or method which I then can use in order to join you
or else.
And how do I do that.
Well I can simply use the following approach.
I can just say you are l join and then here I need to add the two things that I would like to join.
So let's say I have this link here.
So that's going to be the complete link of the Web sites that I'm calling.
So let's say I have my u r l which is going to be that piece here which just needs to be a string OK.
So I have this Eurail and I'm going to join that.
You are now with my relative link which is this piece here so this slash I'm just Lesch one cheap.
Because if you look at it from here we can see that it's opened up a card BLOCK And let's look at the
image.
So this is the image.
And it just gives me this relative links so this slash slash one that JP g it doesn't give me the whole
link and that's what we have gotten and we would now like to join it.
And well pretty much that's what this whole you are I'll join is for.
So here we need to give the relative link.
So let's just for testing purposes copy this here.
This piece of link and just added in there I can.
So now let's print this.
You are out.
So Joyent you were all going to be your I'll join.
And let me print that out.
So let me execute the code.
And as you can see that's the whole thing.
So I'm getting the complete link here.
That's exactly what I would like to store within my Crawl article object.
So I wouldn't like to store the relative length of the image I would like to store the complete link.
So the absolute link pretty much.
OK.
So what we need to do now is instead of putting it up pop here we need to find a good position where
we want to use that.
And a good position where we want to have the URL for example would be in our article fetcher right
here because this Eurail now we can use it and just added in here.
So that this request that get method will just take this Eurail So nothing has changed pretty much except
that we are saying OK take the variable that contains the same value that we were using before and now
where do we want to join.
So we're not going to need the print statement anymore but we want to join it.
And where is that.
Well we want to join it at this image area and in order to join it correctly we can use multiple ways.
But the best way will be to use this URL join here with the user L and this piece here because that
piece here that is marked right now is actually giving me this relative link that we have.
So it gives me this one and that one and so forth.
So now I can just say OK use it like so.
So joinder you IRL with the relative link and then store that within image.
And now if we execute the code once again we will have all of the actual links so the absolute links
instead of the relative links.
Now you can open them in the new tab and you can see OK that's image number two.
So let's see.
All right that's image number.
Perfect.
So there we are.
That's what this you were l library Parr's import you are join gives us and I'm going to cut this line
out there where that was pretty much it.
I just wanted to show you another pretty cool feature that we can use from Python by using a other module.
So there you see the power of modules.
So we don't need to write all of this stuff because it already knows it by itself and we can just go
ahead and use it.